+++
title = "Infinite Horizon [aDPS]"
description = "Heavily simplified Mirage build without constant weapon swapping and lesser resource management."
date = 2024-10-14
updated = 2026-04-18
draft = false
template = "build.html"

[taxonomies]
categories = ["group"]
tags = ["staff","condi","mesmer","mirage","alacrity","hot","pof","soto","lowcog","lowrep"]
authors = ["scooby"]
specs = ["mirage", "mesmer"]

[extra]
series = "mesmer"
tagline = "Mirror, mirror, on the wall."
keywords = "Guild Wars 2, GW2, LI, Mirage"
toc = true
balance = "2026-04"
benchmark = "30.4k DPS"
apm = "35"
log = "https://dps.report/CGvh-20260418-003810_golem"
+++

## Notes

---

The concept behind Alacrity Condition Mirage is that you want to use an Ambush attack, specifically {{ skill(id="40184") }}, as much as possible, and how you get an Ambush attack is by dodging, or picking up Mirage Mirrors. Your next auto attack will be an Ambush after dodging or picking up a Mirage Mirror. This is especially important as it is designed to be a support build, and you will give Alacrity through your Ambush attacks.

In this build Mirage Mirrors will be generated by {{ skill(name="False Oasis") }} and {{ skill(name="Crystal Sands") }}. {{ skill(name="False Oasis") }} drops the Mirror where you're standing, but {{ skill(name="Crystal Sands") }} drops the Mirror where you're aiming, and you want to always aim {{ skill(name="Crystal Sands") }} inside the hitbox of the boss to ensure all of its hits land. You can use {{ skill(name="Jaunt") }}, which is a shadowstep, to pick it up.

Ambush attacks also provide high uptime of both Might and Fury for your subgroup.

## Gearing

{{ light(stat="Viper's", rune="Nightmare") }}
{{ staff(stat="Viper's", sigils=["Bursting", "Torment"]) }}
{{ trinkets(stat="Viper's", relic="Fractal") }}

> If you are having difficulty maintaining Alacrity uptime, replace Sigil of Bursting with Sigil of Concentration for a small DPS loss.

---

- Food: {{ item(name="Meaty Asparagus Skewer") }}
- Enhancement: {{ item(name="Toxic Tuning Crystal") }}

## Build

{{ chatlink(code="[&DQctPQElOxnuFQAA4BUAAIEBAACDAQAARhcAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAADWQBWAGYAAA==]") }}

## Rotation

---

Always start with:

**Opener:**
> 1. {{ skill(id="10216") }} (Staff 3)
> 1. Dodge --> {{ skill(id="40184") }} (Ambush)
> 1. {{ skill(id="41065") }}
> 1. {{ skill(id="10331") }} (Staff 4)
> 1. {{ skill(id="10169") }} (Staff 5)
> 1. {{ skill(id="40200") }}
> 1. Dodge --> {{ skill(id="40184") }} (Ambush)
> 1. Pick up mirror from {{ skill(id="40200") }} --> {{ skill(id="40184") }} (Ambush)
> 1. Pick up mirror from {{ skill(id="41065") }} using {{ skill(id="45449") }} --> {{ skill(id="40184") }} (Ambush)

Your highest priority skill is {{ skill(id="40184") }} (Ambush). To use {{ skill(id="40184") }} (Ambush), you will either have to dodge or to pick up a Mirror to gain Mirage Cloak.

**Skill Priority:**
> 1. {{ skill(id="41065") }} (pick up mirror in boss hitbox using {{ skill(id="45449") }})
> 1. {{ skill(id="40200") }} (pick up mirror where you casted {{ skill(id="40200") }})
> 1. Dodge and use {{ skill(id="40184") }} without letting your energy fill up completely
> 1. {{ skill(id="10216") }} (Staff 3)
> 1. {{ skill(id="10331") }} (Staff 4)
> 1. {{ skill(id="10169") }} (Staff 5)

You do not need to pick up the mirage mirror created using {{ skill(id="41065") }} or {{ skill(id="40200") }} immediately, as they will last on the ground for 8 seconds before disappearing. This allows you to squeeze in other skills from your priority list, allowing for higher DPS.

## Crowd Control

---

Your CC skills are, in order of priority:

**CC Skills:**
> 1. {{ skill(id="10169") }} (Staff 5) (Delay this skill in your rotation if you know a CC bar is coming up)
> 1. {{ skill(id="10287") }} (more clones more CC)
> 1. {{ skill(name="Signet of Midnight") }} (Small CC, moderate DPS loss)
> 1. {{ skill(name="Signet of Domination") }} (Big CC, big DPS loss)

If you CC'ed using {{ skill(id="10287") }}, you want to generate more clones by casting {{ skill(id="10216") }} (Staff 3) as soon as possible as much of your damage from this build comes from your clones. You can also use {{ skill(id="10310") }} (Staff 2) --> {{ skill(id="45449") }} to generate 2 clones and move back onto the boss as {{ skill(id="10310") }} (Staff 2) moves you away from the boss.

## Advanced Tips

---

{{ skill(id="10192") }} is also a very long immune skill, scaling up to a maximum of 3 seconds with the number of clones you currently have, and should be your panic button. It can also be used to dodge mechanics on various raids to increase your damage uptime.


## Video

---

{{ youtube(id="dUQGwHYvTy0") }}
