content/builds/heal-alac-willbender.md, before:

+++
title = "Symbolic Healbender"
description = "This build is designed around the hammer Auto Attack, being able to proc Relic of the Karakosa consecutively with a burst heal rotation. Besides being easy to play, this build has flexible utilities, decent crowd control and excellent condi cleanses."
date = 2024-04-04
template = "build.html"

[taxonomies]
tags = ["heal","alacrity","guardian","willbender","eod","lowcog","lowphys","lowrep"]
authors = ["xellink"]

[extra]
series = "guardian"
tagline = "Auto-Attack Healbender"
keywords = "Guild Wars 2, GW2, LI, willbender"
toc = true
spec = "willbender"
balance = "March 2024"
+++

This is a very accessible build that requires minimal effort to play, where majority of its effects are based on auto-attacks. The end of the auto-attack chain {{ skill(id="9161") }} rely on {{ trait(id="558") }} to provide heals.

This build is low cognition, low physical complexity, has very few repetitions and is functional in instanced content. This build requires only one weapon with no requirement of a weapon swap: Hammer!


## Gearing and Consumables

**Equipment**
- Full Harrier's 
- Hammer

> _Note: Weapon swap is optional, all the available options will lock you out of hammer and thus drop your boon coverage. Alternate weapon sets should be prioritised based on utility requirements._

**Runes**
- Superior Rune of the Monk
- Superior Rune of Rebirth (budget)

**Sigils**
- Superior Sigil of Transference
- Superior Sigil of Concentration
- Superior Sigil of Water (Budget Alternative to Transference)

**Relic**
- Relic of Karakosa

**Food**
- Bowl of Fruit Salad with Mint Garnish
- Delicious Rice Balls (budget alternative)

**Utility**
- Bountiful Maintenance Oil


## Build

Heal Alacrity Build {{ chatlink(code="[&DQExLS4tQRp/ADgBLQEtATYBSAEyATIBcRIAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAABMwAA]") }}

**Trait Alternatives**

Bring {{ trait(id="617") }} if you are taking consecrations.
Bring {{ trait(id="654") }} if there aren't blockable mechanics. 

> _This build is a simplified version of the heal alacrity build on [snowcrows](https://snowcrows.com/builds/raids/guardian/heal-alacrity-willbender) with selective preferences for lower intensity. If you are able to adapt to the version on SC, feel free to follow their guide._

## Rotation and Utilities

**Heal Alac Rotation**

1. Use your virtues starting from {{ skill(id="62668") }} (F1) -> {{ skill(id="62603") }} (F2) -> {{ skill(id="62648") }} (F3).
2. Auto Attack with minimal interruptions, using {{ skill(id="9084") }} can provide the group with permanent swiftness without interrupting your autos. 
3. Use {{ skill(id="62603") }} (F2) on cooldown, afterwards use {{ skill(id="62668") }} (F1)/{{ skill(id="62648") }} (F3) to reposition. 
4. Use {{ skill(id="9153") }} when you require stability. 

_The importance of your auto attacks cannot be emphasized enough. Your auto attacks heal, provide alacrity, regeneration, might and protection and a field to trigger Relic of Karakosa with!_

**Burst Heals and Revives**

1. Use {{ skill(id="53482") }} (Hammer 2) for burst heals (due to Relic of Karakosa). You may refresh this skill using {{ skill(id="9124") }} (Hammer 4).
2. Use {{ skill(id="9083") }} for a burst heal.
3. Use {{ skill(id="9163") }} as an emergency revive.

**Crowd Control rotation**

1. You have decent CC by just using {{ skill(id="9124") }} (Hammer 4) and {{ skill(id="9260") }} (Hammer 3). 
2. You can extend your CC rotation by starting with {{ skill(id="53482") }} (Hammer 2) and refreshing it with {{ skill(id="9124") }} (Hammer 4)
3. If you need more CC you may bring {{ skill(id="9128") }}

**Hybrid DPS**

1. This build does decent DPS.
2. For low heal-pressure fights, you may bring more power traits to increase your DPS. 

**Other tips and tricks**

- You may drop {{ skill(id="9153") }} for different utilities.
- {{ skill(id="62648") }} allows you to shadow step through mechanics
- Blocking increases your heal power and doing so intelligently allows efficient use of {{ trait(id="1899") }}

## Optimisation

**Raid Ready**

1. W1 Gorseval - Immobilise your spirit with {{ skill(id="9151") }} and {{ skill(id="9260") }} (Hammer 3)
2. W1 Sabetha - You can teleport through flame wall with {{ skill(id="62648") }}. 
2. W2 Slothasor and Matthias - Bring {{ skill(id="9251") }} for reflects.
3. W3 Escort - This build is able to solo towers albeit a little slow with 6-8k dps. If you want to do the JP, bring {{ skill(id="29965") }} for a superspeed boost.
4. W4 Samarog - You may knock Rigom back with {{ skill(id="9124") }} (Hammer 4) and immobilise with {{ skill(id="9260") }} (Hammer 3) and {{ skill(id="9099") }} (Scepter 3)
5. W6 Qadim - You want to precast {{ skill(id="9128") }} for each CC phase and load the CC bar with {{ skill(id="9124") }} (Hammer 4) as soon as they appear
6. W7 Sabir - For the final phase if your group needs projectile blocks, consider {{ skill(id="9182") }} and {{ skill(id="9251") }}

Commit message:

Updated Heal alac willbender (#48)
* Create heal-alac-willbender.md

* Edits for healbender

- date updated
- removed draft line
- pof -> eod tag
- low intensity -> accessible
- asides to `> quote` markup
- various newlines for section formatting
- some additional skill markup for rotation

* Update heal-alac-willbender.md

* Update heal-alac-willbender.md

---------

Co-authored-by: Andy Berdan <andy@berdan.ca>

content/builds/heal-alac-willbender.md, after:

+++
title = "Symbolic Healbender"
description = "This build is designed around the hammer Auto Attack, being able to proc Relic of the Karakosa consecutively with a burst heal rotation. Besides being easy to play, this build has flexible utilities, decent crowd control and excellent condi cleanses."
date = 2024-04-04
template = "build.html"

[taxonomies]
tags = ["heal","alacrity","guardian","willbender","eod","lowcog","lowphys","lowrep"]
authors = ["xellink"]

[extra]
series = "guardian"
tagline = "Auto-Attack Healbender"
keywords = "Guild Wars 2, GW2, LI, willbender"
toc = true
spec = "willbender"
balance = "March 2024"
+++

This is a very accessible build that requires minimal effort to play, where majority of its effects are based on auto-attacks. The end of the auto-attack chain {{ skill(id="9161") }} rely on {{ trait(id="558") }} to provide heals.

This build is low cognition, low physical complexity, has very few repetitions and is functional in instanced content. This build requires only one weapon with no requirement of a weapon swap: Hammer!


## Gearing and Consumables

**Equipment**

- Full Harrier's 
- Hammer

> _Note: Weapon swap is optional, all the available options will lock you out of hammer and thus drop your boon coverage. Alternate weapon sets should be prioritised based on utility requirements._

**Runes**

- Superior Rune of the Monk
- Superior Rune of Rebirth (budget)

**Sigils**

- Superior Sigil of Transference
- Superior Sigil of Concentration
- Superior Sigil of Water (Budget Alternative to Transference)

**Relic**

- Relic of Karakosa

**Food**

- Bowl of Fruit Salad with Mint Garnish
- Delicious Rice Balls (budget alternative)

**Utility**

- Bountiful Maintenance Oil


## Build

Heal Alacrity Build {{ chatlink(code="[&DQExLS4tQRp/ADgBLQEtATYBSAEyATIBcRIAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAABMwAA]") }}

**Trait Alternatives**

Bring {{ trait(id="617") }} if you are taking consecrations.
Bring {{ trait(id="654") }} if there aren't blockable mechanics. 

> _This build is a simplified version of the heal alacrity build on [snowcrows](https://snowcrows.com/builds/raids/guardian/heal-alacrity-willbender) with selective preferences for lower intensity. If you are able to adapt to the version on SC, feel free to follow their guide._


## Rotation and Utilities

**Heal Alac Rotation**

1. Use your virtues starting from {{ skill(id="62668") }} (F1) -> {{ skill(id="62603") }} (F2) -> {{ skill(id="62648") }} (F3).
2. Auto Attack with minimal interruptions, using {{ skill(id="9084") }} can provide the group with permanent swiftness without interrupting your autos. 
3. Use {{ skill(id="62603") }} (F2) on cooldown, afterwards use {{ skill(id="62668") }} (F1)/{{ skill(id="62648") }} (F3) to reposition. 
4. Use {{ skill(id="9153") }} when you require stability. 

_The importance of your auto attacks cannot be emphasized enough. Your auto attacks heal, provide alacrity, regeneration, might and protection and a field to trigger Relic of Karakosa with!_

**Burst Heals and Revives**

1. Use {{ skill(id="53482") }} (Hammer 2) for burst heals (due to Relic of Karakosa). You may refresh this skill using {{ skill(id="9124") }} (Hammer 4).
2. Use {{ skill(id="9083") }} for a burst heal.
3. Use {{ skill(id="9163") }} as an emergency revive.

**Crowd Control rotation**

1. You have decent CC by just using {{ skill(id="9124") }} (Hammer 4) and {{ skill(id="9260") }} (Hammer 3). 
2. You can extend your CC rotation by starting with {{ skill(id="53482") }} (Hammer 2) and refreshing it with {{ skill(id="9124") }} (Hammer 4).
3. If you need more CC you may bring {{ skill(id="9128") }}, which is ideally used in a precast scenario so you can top it up with Hammer 4.

**Hybrid DPS**

1. This build does decent DPS.
2. For low heal-pressure fights, you may bring more power traits to increase your DPS. 

**Other tips and tricks**

- You may drop {{ skill(id="9153") }} for different utilities.
- {{ skill(id="62648") }} allows you to shadow step through mechanics
- Blocking increases your heal power and doing so intelligently allows efficient use of {{ trait(id="1899") }}


## Optimisation

**Raid Ready**

1. W1 Gorseval - Immobilise your spirit with {{ skill(id="9151") }} and {{ skill(id="9260") }} (Hammer 3)
2. W1 Sabetha - You can teleport through flame wall with {{ skill(id="62648") }}. 
3. W2 Slothasor - Bring {{ trait(id="610") }} for additional condition cleanses.
4. W2 Matthias - Bring {{ skill(id="9251") }} for reflects. Bring {{ skill(id="9128") }} if you require more CC.
5. W3 Escort - This build is able to solo towers albeit a little slow with 6-8k dps. If you want to do the JP, bring {{ skill(id="29965") }} for a superspeed boost.
6. W4 Samarog - You may knock Rigom back with {{ skill(id="9124") }} (Hammer 4) and immobilise with {{ skill(id="9260") }} (Hammer 3) and {{ skill(id="9099") }} (Scepter 3). Bring {{ skill(id="9128") }} if you require more CC.
7. W6 Conjured Amalgamate - Your power DPS can be quite significant despite being a healer. Do not stop attacking with autos. Place {{ skill(id="9128") }} when CA tosses out shields for a precast CC.
8. W6 Qadim - You want to precast {{ skill(id="9128") }} for each CC phase and load the CC bar with {{ skill(id="9124") }} (Hammer 4) as soon as the minibosses appear.
9. W7 Sabir - For the final phase if your group needs projectile blocks, consider {{ skill(id="9182") }} and {{ skill(id="9251") }}
