+++
title = "Galvanic Enchantment [DPS]"
description = "An actual proper Fire Camp build that can still play the game."
date = 2025-11-07
draft = false
template = "build.html"

[taxonomies]
categories = ["group"]
tags = ["power","condi","hybrid","elementalist","evoker","voe","lowcog","lowrep"]
authors = ["scooby"]
specs = ["evoker","elementalist"]

[extra]
series = "elementalist"
tagline = "WHAT DOES THE FOX SAY"
keywords = "Guild Wars 2, GW2, LI, Elementalist, Evoker"
toc = true
balance = "2025-11"
benchmark = "44.4k DPS"
apm = "54"
log = "https://dps.report/cljF-20251107-005646_golem"
+++

## Notes

---

**This is a build from the new expansion, Visions of Eternity, and is currently overperforming. Expect it to be balanced in the near future.**

This build combines the concepts used in other Elementalist Inferno builds into the new Evoker elite specialization.

Instead of taking {{ trait(id="2437" , name="Specialized Elements") }} like every other mono element Evoker build, this build uses {{ trait(id="2335" , name="Galvanic Enchantment") }}.

Doing so allows us to reduce the APM of the build, and allowing for easy to access and fast CC, at the cost of some DPS.

## Gearing

{{ light(stat="Berserker's", rune="Flame Legion") }}
{{ scepter_main(stat="Berserker's", sigil="Smoldering") }}
{{ focus_off(stat="Berserker's", sigil="Bursting") }}
{{ trinkets(
	back="Berserker's",
	accessory1="Berserker's",
	accessory2="Berserker's",
	ring1="Berserker's",
	ring2="Berserker's",
	amulet="Berserker's",
	relic="Fireworks") }}

- Food: {{ item(id="91709", name="Plate of Coq Au Vin with Salsa") }} or {{ item(id="12467", name="Plate of Truffle Steak") }}
- Enhancement: {{ item(id="78305", name="Superior Sharpening Stone") }}

## Build

{{ chatlink(code="[&DQYfPSkfUBViHXQAjgDLAMsAcwB3HVABJgAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAADVgAvADEAAA==]") }}


## Rotation

---

The rotation for Evoker consists mainly of charging and casting both {{ skill(id="76643") }} and {{ skill(id="76585") }} as quickly and as many times as possible. Using any weapon skill 3 times will charge {{ skill(id="76643") }}, and using {{ skill(id="76643") }} 3 times will charge {{ skill(id="76585") }}.

Your rotation consists of a simple opener and a {{ skill(id="5492") }} priority.

Try to always precast 2 stacks of {{ skill(id="76643") }} before the fight begins. This can be done by swapping to {{ skill(id="77225") }} and using it twice as {{ skill(id="77225") }} can be used without any target selected. Remember to swap back to {{ skill(id="76643") }} once you have finished precasting.

**Opener:**
> 1. Always be in {{ skill(id="5492") }}
> 1. {{ skill(id="5692") }} (Scepter Fire 2)
> 1. {{ skill(id="5497") }} (Focus Fire 4)
> 1. {{ skill(id="76643") }}
> 1. {{ skill(id="5675") }} (Scepter Fire 3)
> 1. {{ skill(id="76585") }}
> 1. {{ skill(id="5678") }} (Focus Fire 5)
> 1. {{ skill(id="76711") }}
> 1. {{ skill(id="5542") }}

**{{ skill(id="5492") }} Priority:**
> 1. {{ skill(id="76585") }}
> 1. {{ skill(id="76643") }}
> 1. {{ skill(id="5675") }} (Scepter Fire 3)
> 1. {{ skill(id="5497") }} (Focus Fire 4)
> 1. {{ skill(id="5692") }} (Scepter Fire 2)
> 1. {{ skill(id="5678") }} (Focus Fire 5)
> 1. {{ skill(id="76711") }}
> 1. {{ skill(id="5542") }}
> 1. {{ skill(id="5666") }}

Basically putting your professional skill first, weapon skills next, then utilities.

Take note that casting {{ skill(id="76643") }} too quickly after {{ skill(id="76585") }} may result in you cancelling {{ skill(id="76585") }}. However, this is a much more common problem with the fast pace of the {{ trait(id="2437" , name="Specialized Elements") }} build, and is usually not a problem here apart from the opener.

This build relies heavily on landing {{ skill(id="5497") }} (Focus Fire 4) to maintain {{ item(id="100947", name="Relic of Fireworks") }} uptime. Each tick of damage from the fire field generated by {{ skill(id="5497") }} (Focus Fire 4) resets {{ item(id="100947", name="Relic of Fireworks") }} duration, allowing you to easily maintain 100% updtime with just 1 skill and no cooldown management.

You should also:

**Cast Off Cooldown:**
> 1. {{ skill(id="5535") }}
> 1. {{ skill(id="25499") }}

All of these skills have no cast time and can be cast anytime.

## Crowd Control

---

Your CC skills are:

**CC Skills:**
> 1. {{ skill(id="5538") }} (Scepter Water 2)
> 2. {{ skill(id="5556") }} (Focus Water 4)
> 3. {{ skill(id="5490") }} (Focus Water 5)
> 4. {{ skill(id="5694") }} (Scepter Air 3)
> 5. {{ skill(id="5562") }} (Focus Air 5)
> 6. {{ skill(id="5696") }} (Scepter Earth 3)
> 7. {{ skill(id="5555") }} (Focus Earth 4)

To CC, perform the following:

**Simplified CC Rotation:**
> 1. {{ skill(id="5493") }} 2 4 5
> 2. {{ skill(id="5494") }} 3 5
> 3. {{ skill(id="5495") }} 3 4

Then return to {{ skill(id="5492") }} as soon as you are able to. You can cut short the rotation and return to {{ skill(id="5492") }} as soon as the bar breaks instead of performing the full rotation.

## Video

---

{{ youtube(id="ncYcPJrVuMQ") }}

## Build Demo

---

{{ youtube(id="-9tnRIo2PiI") }}
