+++
title = "Inferno Bastion [aDPS]"
description = "Press Everything Off Cooldown in Fire Attunement, now with Alacrity"
date = 2026-05-04
updated = 2026-05-04
draft = false
template = "build.html"

[taxonomies]
categories = ["group", "solo"]
tags = ["power","condi","hybrid","elementalist","tempest","hot","lowcog","lowrep"]
authors = ["xellink", "scooby"]
specs = ["tempest","elementalist"]

[extra] 
series = "elementalist"
tagline = "I am become Fire, destroyer of raids."
keywords = "Guild Wars 2, GW2, LI, Elementalist, Tempest"
toc = true
balance = "2026-04"
benchmark = "31.5k DPS"
apm = "48"
log = "https://dps.report/SN6P-20260415-202649_golem"
+++

## Notes

---

Press everything off cooldown while in {{ skill(id="5492") }}.

Just like all the other {{ trait(id="1675" , name="Inferno") }} builds, this build does ~55% of your total damage in Burning, with the remaining ~45% in Power, easily making it a Hybrid DPS build.

Now this comes topped up with Alacrity and Healing using {{ trait(id="1986") }} and {{ trait(id="361") }} which adds increased survivability and sustainability in both raids on open world.

## Gearing

{{ light(stat="Berserker's", rune="Flame Legion") }}
{{ scepter_main(stat="Berserker's", sigil="Smoldering") }}
{{ focus_off(stat="Berserker's", sigil="Bursting") }}
{{ trinkets(
	back="Berserker's",
	accessory1="Berserker's",
	accessory2="Berserker's",
	ring1="Berserker's",
	ring2="Berserker's",
	amulet="Berserker's",
	relic="Fireworks") }}

- Food: {{ item(id="91709", name="Plate of Coq Au Vin with Salsa") }} or {{ item(id="12467", name="Plate of Truffle Steak") }}
- Enhancement: {{ item(id="78305", name="Superior Sharpening Stone") }}

## Build

{{ chatlink(code="[&DQYfPREuMDfHEnQAywBzAMMSwxK+AcsAJgCWAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAEVgBnAFoAMQAA]") }}


## Rotation

---

Your rotation consists of a simple opener and {{ skill(id="5492") }} priority.

#### Precast
> 1. {{ skill(id="25488") }}

<small>Some guides will recommend an earth opener, which is not included in this guide.</small>

#### Rotation
Always be in {{ skill(id="5492") }} 
> 1. {{ skill(id="5692") }} (Fire 2, Opener)
> 1. {{ skill(id="5497") }} (Priority skill)
> 1. All your other fire/DPS skills off cooldown.

<small>We recommend {{ skill(id="5692") }} as the opener fire skill although it is not a priority DPS skill. This is because it has a long interval before the hit lands, allowing you to squeeze in {{ skill(id="5497") }} before it hits.</small>
<small>This build relies heavily on landing {{ skill(id="5497") }} (Focus Fire 4) to maintain {{ item(id="100947", name="Relic of Fireworks") }} uptime. Each tick of damage from the fire field generated by {{ skill(id="5497") }} (Focus Fire 4) resets {{ item(id="100947", name="Relic of Fireworks") }} duration, allowing you to easily maintain 100% uptime with just 1 skill and no cooldown management.</small>
<small> {{ skill(id="30662") }} and {{ skill(id="25499") }} do not have cast times and can be cast while you are using a long-cast skill, such as during {{ skill(id="29706") }}.</small>
<small>Your Alacrity supply comes naturally from a few of your skills that provide aura. You can continue to provide Alacrity even when the boss is non-targetable</small>

#### Crowd Control

---

Your CC skills are:

**CC Skills:**
> 1. {{ skill(id="5538") }} (Scepter Water 2)
> 2. {{ skill(id="5556") }} (Focus Water 4)
> 3. {{ skill(id="5490") }} (Focus Water 5) (Hard CC)
> 4. {{ skill(id="5694") }} (Scepter Air 3)
> 5. {{ skill(id="5562") }} (Focus Air 5) (Hard CC)
> 6. {{ skill(id="5696") }} (Scepter Earth 3)
> 7. {{ skill(id="5555") }} (Focus Earth 4)

To CC, perform the following:

**Simplified CC Rotation:**
> 1. {{ skill(id="5493") }} 2 4 5
> 2. {{ skill(id="5494") }} 3 5
> 3. {{ skill(id="5495") }} 3 4

**Simplified Hard CC Rotation:**
> 1. {{ skill(id="5494") }} 5 (High CC)
> 2. {{ skill(id="5493") }} 5 (Mod CC)
> 2. {{ skill(id="5638") }} (Utility Swap)

Return to {{ skill(id="5492") }} as soon as you are able to.

## Video

---

{{ youtube(id="8RTny-z2BaQ") }}

