content/builds/power-vindicator.md, before:

+++
title = "Lord of the Stomp [pDPS]"
description = "This is a pretty foundational build for Revenant. Simple, solid and focused."
date = 2024-03-08
draft = false
template = "build.html"

[taxonomies]
categories = ["group"]
tags = ["staff","power","revenant","vindicator","eod","lowcog","lowphys","lowrep"]
authors = ["scooby"]
specs = ["vindicator", "revenant"]

[extra]
series = "revenant"
tagline = "Death from above!"
keywords = "Guild Wars 2, GW2, LI, Vindicator"
toc = true
balance = "February 2025"
benchmark = "33.6k DPS"
apm = "44"
+++

This is a pretty foundational build for Revenant. Simple, solid and focused.

## Gearing

{{ heavy(
	head="Dragon's",
	shoulders="Berserker's",
	chest="Berserker's",
	arms="Berserker's",
	legs="Berserker's",
	feet="Berserker's",
	rune="Dragonhunter") }}
{{ sword_main(stat="Berserker's", sigil="Force") }}
{{ sword_off(stat="Berserker's", sigil="Air") }}
{{ staff(stat="Berserker's", sigils=["Force", "Air"]) }}
{{ trinkets(stat="Berserker's", relic="Thief") }}

> Alternatives: Full Berserker's and/or Scholar runes

#### Consumables

- {{ item(id="91805", name="Cilantro Lime Sous-Vide Steak") }}
- {{ item(id="78305", name="Superior Sharpening Stone") }}

## Build

{{ chatlink(code="[&DQkDNg8qRRXcEQAABhIAACsSAADUEQAAyhEAAAIDAAArEgYS1BEAAAAAAAA=]") }}

## Notes

Power Vindicator can be very easy to play, yet deliver respectable results by following the steps below:

Swap your legend when it is off cooldown or when you run out of energy, it doesn't matter much, and use:

1. {{ skill(id="27107") }} while in {{ skill(id="28134") }}
1. {{ skill(id="26557") }} while in {{ skill(id="28419") }}

You can bind both these skills to the same button to reduce mistakes.

Use off cooldown in following priority:

1. {{ skill(id="27074") }} (Sword 5)
2. {{ skill(id="28472") }} (Sword 4)
3. {{ skill(id="29233") }} (Sword 2)

Dodge to start the fight and dodge when your endurance is almost full. 

Auto attack to fill.

## Crowd Control

Your CC skills are:

- {{ skill(id="26679") }}
- {{ skill(id="28406") }}
- {{ skill(id="28472") }} (Sword 4)

However, if you're in a position where not CCing will result in failure, just swap to staff and use
{{ skill(id="28978") }} (Staff 5)

Note that this will tank your DPS and the only thing you can do now is to auto attack (while still dodging and swapping legends).

## Video

{{ youtube(id="0NdsSbwbdpQ") }}

Commit message:

Updated vindicator and unhid rifle mech build

content/builds/power-vindicator.md, after:

+++
title = "Lord of the Stomp [pDPS]"
description = "This is a pretty foundational build for Revenant. Simple, solid and focused."
date = 2024-03-08
updated = 2025-04-17
draft = false
template = "build.html"

[taxonomies]
categories = ["group"]
tags = ["staff","power","revenant","vindicator","eod","lowcog","lowphys","lowrep"]
authors = ["scooby"]
specs = ["vindicator", "revenant"]

[extra]
series = "revenant"
tagline = "Death from above!"
keywords = "Guild Wars 2, GW2, LI, Vindicator"
toc = true
balance = "April 2025"
benchmark = "33k+ DPS"
apm = "44"
+++

This is a pretty foundational build for Revenant. Simple, solid and focused.

## Gearing

{{ heavy(
	head="Dragon's",
	shoulders="Berserker's",
	chest="Berserker's",
	arms="Berserker's",
	legs="Berserker's",
	feet="Berserker's",
	rune="Dragonhunter") }}
{{ sword_main(stat="Berserker's", sigil="Force") }}
{{ sword_off(stat="Berserker's", sigil="Air") }}
{{ staff(stat="Berserker's", sigils=["Force", "Air"]) }}
{{ trinkets(stat="Berserker's", relic="Thief") }}

> Alternatives: Full Berserker's and/or Scholar runes

#### Consumables

- {{ item(id="91805", name="Cilantro Lime Sous-Vide Steak") }}
- {{ item(id="78305", name="Superior Sharpening Stone") }}

## Build

{{ chatlink(code="[&DQkDNg8qRRXcEQAABhIAACsSAADUEQAAyhEAAAIDAAArEgYS1BEAAAAAAAA=]") }}

## Notes

Power Vindicator can be very easy to play, yet deliver respectable results by following the steps below:

Swap your legend when it is off cooldown or when you run out of energy, it doesn't matter much, and use:

1. {{ skill(id="27107") }} while in {{ skill(id="28134") }}
1. {{ skill(id="26557") }} while in {{ skill(id="28419") }}

You can bind both these skills to the same button to reduce mistakes.

Use off cooldown in following priority:

1. {{ skill(id="27074") }} (Sword 5)
2. {{ skill(id="28472") }} (Sword 4)
3. {{ skill(id="29233") }} (Sword 2)

Dodge to start the fight and dodge when your endurance is almost full. 

Auto attack to fill.

## Crowd Control

Your CC skills are:

- {{ skill(id="26679") }}
- {{ skill(id="28406") }}
- {{ skill(id="28472") }} (Sword 4)

However, if you're in a position where not CCing will result in failure, just swap to staff and use
{{ skill(id="28978") }} (Staff 5)

Note that this will tank your DPS and the only thing you can do now is to auto attack (while still dodging and swapping legends).

## Video

{{ youtube(id="0NdsSbwbdpQ") }}

Note: video was pre-buff in April 2025 patch. Results will be better
