content/builds/power-berserker.md, before:

+++
title = "Meat Carver"
description = "As long as you have something to hit, enjoy a never-ending berserk mode."
date = 2024-03-25
template = "build.html"

[taxonomies]
tags = ["Power","warrior","berserker","hot","lowcog"]
authors = ["berdandy"]

[extra]
series = "warrior"
tagline = "Knives, Axes and Blades. Who can choose just one?"
keywords = "Guild Wars 2, GW2, LI, Warrior, Berserker"
toc = true
spec = "berserker"
balance = "March 2024"
+++

Absolutely everything this build has extends berserk. Your goal is to get into berserk as fast as possible and stay there, as long as you're hitting
targets. The main difficulty is going to be to re-engage with the next target once you kill something. Take particular note of the mobility section,
as getting back into combat is your biggest priority

# Gearing

- Berserker's Coat, Superior Rune of the Dragonhunter
- Berserker's Boots, Superior Rune of the Dragonhunter
- Berserker's Gloves, Superior Rune of the Dragonhunter
- Berserker's Helm, Superior Rune of the Dragonhunter
- Berserker's Leggings, Superior Rune of the Dragonhunter
- Berserker's Shoulders, Superior Rune of the Dragonhunter
- Backpack: Berserker's
- Accessory 1: Berserker's
- Accessory 2: Berserker's
- Ring 1: Berserker's
- Ring 2: Berserker's
- Amulet: Berserker's
- Weapon A1: Dagger, Berserker's, Superior Sigil of Air
- Weapon A2: Axe, Berserker's, Superior Sigil of Force
- Weapon B1: Greatsword, Berserker's, Superior Sigil of Force, Superior Sigil of Air
- Relic of the Midnight King

# Build

`[&DQIEHzMaEhXyEgAAoRIAAKkAAADXEgAAwhIAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA=]`

---

<div data-armory-embed='skills' data-armory-ids='30189,29613,14404,30258,30343'></div><div data-armory-embed='specializations' data-armory-ids='4,51,18' data-armory-4-traits='1444,1449,1437'  data-armory-51-traits='1413,1489,1369'  data-armory-18-traits='2049,2011,1928' ></div>

# Notes

### Engage:

- Headbutt followed by Outrage

### Priority:

1. F1
1. Sundering Leap
1. Blood Reckoning
1. Weapon-swap
1. If in Dagger/Axe, Axe 5
1. If in Greatsword, GS 2

### Mobility:

1. Sundering Leap
1. Headbutt
1. GS3
1. GS5
1. Dagger 2

### Crowd Control

- Headbutt
- Sundering Leap

Commit message:

Updated berserker to dual axes, thief relic and hammer for cc option

content/builds/power-berserker.md, after:

+++
title = "Meat Carver"
description = "As long as you have something to hit, enjoy a never-ending berserk mode."
date = 2024-03-25
updated = 2024-03-26
template = "build.html"

[taxonomies]
tags = ["Power","warrior","berserker","hot"]
authors = ["berdandy"]

[extra]
series = "warrior"
tagline = "'My advice? Use axes to fell the tree, and the hammer to pound it into submission. Your enemy is the tree.' --Tyltooth Oakfist"
keywords = "Guild Wars 2, GW2, LI, Warrior, Berserker"
toc = true
spec = "berserker"
balance = "March 2024"
+++

Absolutely everything this build has extends berserk. Your goal is to get into berserk as fast as possible and stay there, as long as you're hitting
targets. The main difficulty is going to be to re-engage with the next target once you kill something.

This build is tested with no weapon swapping. A hammer second weapon set is provided only as CC support. Dual maces can work well too.

** SPECIAL NOTE: This is one of our more challenging builds. It's relatively simple, but unforgiving. We'll keep looking for a more
accessible warrior option. **

# Gearing

- Berserker's Coat, Superior Rune of the Dragonhunter
- Berserker's Boots, Superior Rune of the Dragonhunter
- Berserker's Gloves, Superior Rune of the Dragonhunter
- Berserker's Helm, Superior Rune of the Dragonhunter
- Berserker's Leggings, Superior Rune of the Dragonhunter
- Berserker's Shoulders, Superior Rune of the Dragonhunter
- Backpack: Berserker's
- Accessory 1: Berserker's
- Accessory 2: Berserker's
- Ring 1: Berserker's
- Ring 2: Berserker's
- Amulet: Berserker's
- Weapon A1: Dagger, Berserker's, Superior Sigil of Air
- Weapon A2: Axe, Berserker's, Superior Sigil of Force
- Weapon B1: Hammer, Berserker's, Superior Sigil of Paralyzation, Superior Sigil of Energy
- Relic of the Thief

# Build

`[&DQIEHzMaEhXyEgAAoRIAAKkAAADXEgAAwhIAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA=]`

---

<div data-armory-embed='skills' data-armory-ids='30189,29613,14404,30258,30343'></div><div data-armory-embed='specializations' data-armory-ids='4,51,18' data-armory-4-traits='1444,1449,1437'  data-armory-51-traits='1413,1489,1369'  data-armory-18-traits='2049,2011,1928' ></div>

# Notes

### Engage

- Headbutt followed by Outrage

### Priority

Mostly you want to use other skills to build adrenaline for F1. All skills (except signet) will extend your berserk.

1. F1
1. Blood Reckoning
1. Sundering Leap
1. Headbutt/Outrage combo
1. Axe 5
1. Axe 4
1. Axe 2

### Mobility

1. Headbutt
1. Sundering Leap
1. Earthshaker/Rupturing Smash

### Crowd Control

- Headbutt
- Sundering Leap
- Swap to Hammer, Hammer 2, 5, 2, F1, Swap back
  - _note that Hammer 5 refreshes Hammer 2 instantly if it hits_
