content/builds/power-catalyst.md, before:

+++
title = "Power Catalyst"
description = "An moderately easy catalyst build, with a consistent skill pattern that applies in all elements -- but still allows for flexibility when you need it."
date = 2024-03-04
draft = false
template = "build.html"


[taxonomies]
tags = ["power","elementalist","catalyst","eod","lowcog","lowrep"]
authors = ["scooby"]

[extra]
series = "elementalist"
tagline = "Wait, what do you mean this isn't how I get a list of my home cat collection?"
keywords = "Guild Wars 2, GW2, LI, Catalyst"
toc = true
spec = "catalyst"
balance = "January 2024"
+++

An moderately easy catalyst build, with a consistent skill pattern that applies in all elements -- but still allows for flexibility when you need it.

## Gearing

- Full Berserker's, with Runes of the Scholar or Dragonhunter
- Sword/Warhorn with Force/Impact Sigils
- Relic of the Thief, or Fireworks.
- Consumables:
  - Cilantro Lime Sous-Vide Steak (Power/Ferocity)
  - Superior Sharpening Stone (Power)

## Build

`[&DQYfHSkfQyZ0AAAATgEAAMsAAAC+AQAAJgAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA=]`

---

<div data-armory-embed='skills' data-armory-ids='5503,5638,5542,5734,5666'></div><div data-armory-embed='specializations' data-armory-ids='31,41,67' data-armory-31-traits='296,334,1510' data-armory-41-traits='232,1502,226' data-armory-67-traits='2252,2247,2241'></div>

## Notes

The Opener is probably the hardest part of this rotation, but it boils down to:

1. Start in <span data-aw2-key="F1" data-aw2-skill="5494"/> Air Attunement
1. <span data-aw2-key="9" data-aw2-skill="5734"/> Glyph of Storms
1. <span data-aw2-key="F5" data-aw2-skill="62940"/> Deploy Jade Sphere
1. <span data-aw2-key="5" data-aw2-skill="30795"/> Warhorn 5 Lightning Orb
1. <span data-aw2-key="4" data-aw2-skill="30008"/> Warhorn 4 Cyclone
1. <span data-aw2-key="2" data-aw2-skill="44998"/> Sword 2 Polaric Leap
1. <span data-aw2-key="3" data-aw2-skill="43803"/> Sword 3 Quantum Strike
1. Swap to <span data-aw2-key="F1" data-aw2-skill="5492"/> Fire Attunement and begin the rotation

You can remember this rotation as a flexible combo, as follows:

1. Attunement
1. Deploy Jade Sphere
1. Sword 2
1. Sword 3

This works with both Fire and Air. It even works with Earth if you want to dip into Earth for more DPS.

Use <span data-aw2-key="5" data-aw2-skill="30795"/> Warhorn 5 Lightning Orb and <span data-aw2-key="4" data-aw2-skill="30008"/> Warhorn 4 Cyclone
right before you swap into Fire Attunement.

Use <span data-aw2-key="7" data-aw2-skill="5638"/> Arcane Wave once at any time while you are in Fire Attunement.

Finally, use
<span data-aw2-key="5" data-aw2-skill="29533"/> Fire Warhorn 5,
<span data-aw2-key="9" data-aw2-skill="5734"/> Glyph of Storms, and 
<span data-aw2-key="0" data-aw2-skill="5666"/> Glyph of Elementals off cooldown.

I personally like to use
<span data-aw2-key="9" data-aw2-skill="5734"/> Glyph of Storms in Air and
<span data-aw2-key="0" data-aw2-skill="5666"/> Glyph of Elementals in Fire, but it doesn't affect the end DPS much regardless, if at all.

## Crowd Control

Your CC skills are Air 2 and 4, Water 4, Earth 2 and 5. Dropping rotation to CC loses more DPS the longer you stay out of Fire/Air Attunement. The DPS loss can be reduced by using Deploy Jade Sphere, Water 3, and Earth 2, 3, and 5. This might leave you with not enough energy for your next Deploy Jade Sphere. If you do not have enough energy for Deploy Jade Sphere, it is okay to either skip it or use it as soon as it is available.

## Video

{{ youtube(id="JWgnq9yLE5w") }}

Commit message:

Added skill() short code to displaying an inline skill widget by id

content/builds/power-catalyst.md, after:

+++
title = "Power Catalyst"
description = "An moderately easy catalyst build, with a consistent skill pattern that applies in all elements -- but still allows for flexibility when you need it."
date = 2024-03-04
draft = false
template = "build.html"


[taxonomies]
tags = ["power","elementalist","catalyst","eod","lowcog","lowrep"]
authors = ["scooby"]

[extra]
series = "elementalist"
tagline = "Wait, what do you mean this isn't how I get a list of my home cat collection?"
keywords = "Guild Wars 2, GW2, LI, Catalyst"
toc = true
spec = "catalyst"
balance = "January 2024"
+++

An moderately easy catalyst build, with a consistent skill pattern that applies in all elements -- but still allows for flexibility when you need it.

## Gearing

- Full Berserker's, with Runes of the Scholar or Dragonhunter
- Sword/Warhorn with Force/Impact Sigils
- Relic of the Thief, or Fireworks.
- Consumables:
  - Cilantro Lime Sous-Vide Steak (Power/Ferocity)
  - Superior Sharpening Stone (Power)

## Build

`[&DQYfHSkfQyZ0AAAATgEAAMsAAAC+AQAAJgAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA=]`

---

<div data-armory-embed='skills' data-armory-ids='5503,5638,5542,5734,5666'></div><div data-armory-embed='specializations' data-armory-ids='31,41,67' data-armory-31-traits='296,334,1510' data-armory-41-traits='232,1502,226' data-armory-67-traits='2252,2247,2241'></div>

## Notes

The Opener is probably the hardest part of this rotation, but it boils down to:

1. Start in {{ skill(id="5494") }} Air Attunement
1. {{ skill(id="5734") }} Glyph of Storms
1. {{ skill(id="62940") }} Deploy Jade Sphere
1. {{ skill(id="30795") }} Warhorn 5 Lightning Orb
1. {{ skill(id="30008") }} Warhorn 4 Cyclone
1. {{ skill(id="44998") }} Sword 2 Polaric Leap
1. {{ skill(id="43803") }} Sword 3 Quantum Strike
1. Swap to {{ skill(id="5492") }} Fire Attunement and begin the rotation

You can remember this rotation as a flexible combo, as follows:

1. Attunement
1. Deploy Jade Sphere
1. Sword 2
1. Sword 3

This works with both Fire and Air. It even works with Earth if you want to dip into Earth for more DPS.

Use {{ skill(id="30008") }} Warhorn 4 Cyclone
right before you swap into Fire Attunement.

Use {{ skill(id="5638") }} Arcane Wave once at any time while you are in Fire Attunement.

Finally, use
{{ skill(id="29533") }} Fire Warhorn 5,
{{ skill(id="5734") }} Glyph of Storms, and 
{{ skill(id="5666") }} Glyph of Elementals off cooldown.

I personally like to use
{{ skill(id="5734") }} Glyph of Storms in Air and
{{ skill(id="5666") }} Glyph of Elementals in Fire, but it doesn't affect the end DPS much regardless, if at all.

## Crowd Control

Your CC skills are Air 2 and 4, Water 4, Earth 2 and 5. Dropping rotation to CC loses more DPS the longer you stay out of Fire/Air Attunement. The DPS loss can be reduced by using Deploy Jade Sphere, Water 3, and Earth 2, 3, and 5. This might leave you with not enough energy for your next Deploy Jade Sphere. If you do not have enough energy for Deploy Jade Sphere, it is okay to either skip it or use it as soon as it is available.

## Video

{{ youtube(id="JWgnq9yLE5w") }}
