content/pages/about.md, before:

+++
title = "About Accessibility Wars Too"
path = "about"
template = "pages.html"
draft = false
+++

# Our Mission

We are a community of Guild Wars 2 gamers with accessibility needs and creators that support them.

We aim to help accommodate a wide range of needs, from physical to cognitive. We provide a repository of builds and resources,
with the goal of allowing players to access more difficult content and comfortably contribute in group play.

## Contributions

To get involved, any of the following is very helpful:

1. join the [Accessibility Wars Too discord](https://aw2.help/discord)
2. check out [the GitHub](https://github.com/accessibilitywars/zaw2) to help with code
3. share the [Accessibility Wars website]({{ baseurl() }})
4. test out builds and provide feedback (on [discord](https://aw2.help/discord))
5. submit new builds (on [discord](https://aw2.help/discord))

# The Crew

- berdandy - _code/site/tools, discord, builds_
- scooby - _builds_ 
- masel - _builds_
- xellink - _builds_
- xmidsummerdreams - _discord_
- bunny - _discord_

... and various other contributors

Commit message:

Added tango icons from wiki for consistency

content/pages/about.md, after:

+++
title = "About Accessibility Wars Too"
path = "about"
template = "pages.html"
draft = false
+++

# Our Mission

We are a community of Guild Wars 2 gamers with accessibility needs and creators that support them.

We aim to help accommodate a wide range of needs, from physical to cognitive. We provide a repository of builds and resources,
with the goal of allowing players to access more difficult content and comfortably contribute in group play.

## Contributions

To get involved, any of the following is very helpful:

1. join the [Accessibility Wars Too discord](https://aw2.help/discord)
1. share the [Accessibility Wars website]({{ baseurl() }})
1. test out builds and provide feedback (on [discord](https://aw2.help/discord))
1. submit new builds (on [discord](https://aw2.help/discord)) or via [the GitHub](https://github.com/accessibilitywars/zaw2) (we accept PRs)
1. check out [the GitHub](https://github.com/accessibilitywars/zaw2) to help with code

# The Crew

- berdandy - _code/site/tools, discord, builds_
- scooby - _builds_ 
- masel - _builds_
- xellink - _builds_
- xmidsummerdreams - _discord_
- bunny - _discord_

... and various other contributors

# Licenses

All website content is © 2026 Accessibility Wars • Website content is licensed [CC BY-NC-SA 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/).

Profession and elite specialization logos (tango logos) are licensed under the [GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/fdl-1.3.html).

NCSOFT, ArenaNet, Guild Wars, Guild Wars 2, GW2, Guild Wars 2: Heart of Thorns, Guild Wars 2: Path of Fire, Guild Wars 2: End of Dragons, Guild Wars 2: Secrets of the Obscure, Guild Wars 2: Janthir Wilds, Guild Wars 2: Visions of Eternity and all associated logos, designs, and composite marks are trademarks or registered trademarks of NCSOFT Corporation.
