content/pages/alternatives.md, before:

+++
title = "Alternative Build Resources"
date = 2024-03-19
path = "alternatives"
+++

We don't hold a monopoly on LI builds here at Accessibility Wars. Here is a non-exhaustive list of some other places to find accessible builds.

Additionally, many "standard" builds can function perfectly well in a Low Intensity way with minor modifications, such as camping a single weapon. That can open up some additional options after some experimentation.

For a player with accessibility needs, some of these builds may be unworkable, but some might fit well.

---

## Build Sites

#### [MukLuk LI Builds](https://mukluklabs.com/gw2-build/tag/Low+Intensity)

Mukluk has a lot of varied content, but has a [dedicated LI tag](https://mukluklabs.com/gw2-build/tag/Low+Intensity)

#### [Hardstuck](https://hardstuck.gg)

Hardstuck has posted a number of LI specific builds, mostly for Open World. Use the difficulty selector to filter builds.

#### [GuildJen](https://guildjen.com/builds/)

Builds for all game modes. This is one of the few sources for roaming (non-zerg) WvW builds. Not explicitly LI, but builds marked
with a green star are on the simpler side.

---

## Specialized Sites

#### [SnowCrows](https://snowcrows.com/)

Builds for raids. Snowcrows was not originally LI focused, though they do have some beginner builds.
Their [profession sections](https://snowcrows.com/guides/professions) give a great overview for each profession that is worth reading.
They also includes [good resources for how to get started in raids](https://snowcrows.com/guides/getting-started)

#### [Discretize](https://discretize.eu/)

Discretize hosts builds for 5-person fractals. Note that discretize builds typically assume use of Fractal-specific potions for extra stats.

---

## Channels

#### [The Downstate Ele](https://www.youtube.com/@TheDownstateEle)

Video guides for easier builds. Some of these builds are also featured on Accessibility Wars, but additional options are in the channel.

#### [Masel (YouTube)](https://www.youtube.com/@MaselMMO)

Video guides for Instanced PvE, Open World and help with rotations

#### [MrMystic (YouTube)](https://www.youtube.com/c/MrMystic1)

Video guides, open world and PvE builds. Some solo stuff too.

#### [Lord Hizen (YouTube)](https://www.youtube.com/c/lordhizen)

Not specifically LI, but posts a lot of builds that are designed to be very survivable and solo-capable.

Commit message:

Converted all mentions of LI/Low Intensity Builds to Accessible Builds, except where referencing external content. Lowcog/lowphys/lowrep tags remain

content/pages/alternatives.md, after:

+++
title = "Alternative Build Resources"
date = 2024-03-19
path = "alternatives"
+++

We don't hold a monopoly on Accessible Builds here at Accessibility Wars. Here is a non-exhaustive list of some other places to find builds.

Note that the terminology can vary; many use the term LI (Low Intensity), where we simply use the term Accessible.

Additionally, many "standard" builds can function perfectly well in a Low Intensity way with minor modifications, such as camping a single weapon. That can open up some additional options after some experimentation.

For a player with accessibility needs, some of these builds may be unworkable, but some might fit well.

---

## Build Sites

#### [MukLuk LI Builds](https://mukluklabs.com/gw2-build/tag/Low+Intensity)

Mukluk has a lot of varied content, but has a [dedicated LI tag](https://mukluklabs.com/gw2-build/tag/Low+Intensity)

#### [Hardstuck](https://hardstuck.gg)

Hardstuck has posted a few accessible builds, mostly found in the Open World section. Use their difficulty selector to filter builds.

#### [GuildJen](https://guildjen.com/builds/)

Builds for all game modes. This is one of the few sources for roaming (non-zerg) WvW builds. Builds marked
with a green star are on the simpler side, and are generally more accessible.

---

## Specialized Sites

#### [SnowCrows](https://snowcrows.com/)

Builds for raids (and newly, open world). Snowcrows has a history of high-performer optimization, though they do have some beginner builds.
Their [profession sections](https://snowcrows.com/guides/professions) give a great overview for each profession that is worth reading.
They also includes [good resources for how to get started in raids](https://snowcrows.com/guides/getting-started)

#### [Discretize](https://discretize.eu/)

Discretize hosts builds for 5-person fractals. Note that discretize builds typically assume use of Fractal-specific potions for extra stats.

---

## Channels

#### [The Downstate Ele](https://www.youtube.com/@TheDownstateEle)

Video guides for easier builds. Some of these builds are also featured on Accessibility Wars, but additional options are in the channel.

#### [Masel (YouTube)](https://www.youtube.com/@MaselMMO)

Video guides for Instanced PvE, Open World and help with rotations

#### [MrMystic (YouTube)](https://www.youtube.com/c/MrMystic1)

Video guides, open world and PvE builds. Some solo stuff too.

#### [Lord Hizen (YouTube)](https://www.youtube.com/c/lordhizen)

Not specifically Accessible, but posts a lot of builds that are designed to be very survivable and solo-capable.
