content/pages/philosphy.md, before:

+++
title = "Accessibility Wars Build Philosophy"
path = "philosophy"
template = "pages.html"
draft = false
+++

## Our Build Philosophy

We aim to create builds that include accomodations to allow players to engage with end-game content.

Most of our builds are currently tuned for instanced PvE balance (raids, strikes, fractals), but will likely also work well in open world.

These rotations and playstyles are intentionally designed so that almost any player will be able to bring it to the Lion's Arch Aerodrome golem,
and achieve the set benchmark, even at ~300 ping. They are also designed to be playable in actual play, when one has to react to mechanics.
Experienced players should be able to beat the DPS benchmark without changes.

Our builds are organized with a tag system. You can filter by expansion, profession, power/condi as well as accommodation needs, as listed below:

### LOWCOG

[Low Cog Builds](/tags/#lowcog) have low cognitive complexity. These builds have less decisions, lower memorization/knowledge
requirements, and definitely no long rotations. We aim to keep to amaximum of 3 actions in a combo when possible.

### LOWPHYS

[Low Phys Builds](/tags/#lowphys) have low physical complexity. These builds don't use too many _different_ buttons. The goal
is to minimize lateral finger movement on the keyboard/mouse/controller.

### LOWREP

[Low Rep Builds](/tags/#lowrep) have low physical repetition. These builds have a reduced need to press the _same_ button rapidly.
We lean on autos, and the ability to hold the weapon key down in many cases here. Note that there may be a difference for users of Action
Camera particularly with these builds. See [the tools page](/tools) for possible accommodations.

## Finally...

We don't hold a monopoly on LI builds here at Accessibility Wars. [Check out some possible alternatives](/alternatives)

Commit message:

Converted all mentions of LI/Low Intensity Builds to Accessible Builds, except where referencing external content. Lowcog/lowphys/lowrep tags remain

content/pages/philosphy.md, after:

+++
title = "Accessibility Wars Build Philosophy"
path = "philosophy"
template = "pages.html"
draft = false
+++

## Our Build Philosophy

We aim to create builds that include accomodations to allow players to engage with end-game content. We call these, appropriately enough, Accessible Builds.

Most of our builds are currently tuned for instanced PvE balance (raids, strikes, fractals), but will likely also work well in open world.

These rotations and playstyles are intentionally designed so that almost any player will be able to bring it to the Lion's Arch Aerodrome golem,
and achieve the set benchmark, even at ~300 ping. They are also designed to be playable in actual play, when one has to react to mechanics.
Experienced players should be able to beat the DPS benchmark without changes.

Our builds are organized with a tag system. You can filter by expansion, profession, power/condi as well as accommodation needs, as listed below:

### LOWCOG

[Low Cog Builds](/tags/#lowcog) have low cognitive complexity. These builds have less decisions, lower memorization/knowledge
requirements, and definitely no long rotations. We aim to keep to amaximum of 3 actions in a combo when possible.

### LOWPHYS

[Low Phys Builds](/tags/#lowphys) have low physical complexity. These builds don't use too many _different_ buttons. The goal
is to minimize lateral finger movement on the keyboard/mouse/controller.

### LOWREP

[Low Rep Builds](/tags/#lowrep) have low physical repetition. These builds have a reduced need to press the _same_ button rapidly.
We lean on autos, and the ability to hold the weapon key down in many cases here. Note that there may be a difference for users of Action
Camera particularly with these builds. See [the tools page](/tools) for possible accommodations.

## Finally...

We don't hold a monopoly on Accessible Builds here at Accessibility Wars. [Check out some possible alternatives](/alternatives)
